2025h1 project goals February update (#1492)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2025-03-03-Project-Goals-Feb-Update.md

<blockquote>

<!-- this comment helps to convince the markdown parser to do the right thing -->

Updates from our [2025-02-12 meeting](https://hackmd.io/AkNBW942SoacLayPXHthCg):

Given the recent controversy about Rust usage in the Kernel, the RFL group wrote up a [policy document explainer](https://rust-for-linux.com/rust-kernel-policy) to explain the policy, and there was a [write-up on LWN](https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/1007921/9020dbb12585d48f/).

Regarding arbitary self types and coerce pointee, we are waiting on rust-lang/rust#136764 and rust-lang/rust#136776. The former is on lang team FCP. The latter has received approval from lang team and is awaiting further impl work by @BoxyUwU.

@ojeda is looking into how to manage dependency information and configure no-std externally.

@GuillaumeGomez's impl of rustdoc features has landed and we are waiting on RFL to experiment with it.

@davidtwco's team at ARM has authored a document regarding a blessed way to build-std and are collecting feedback.

@wesleywiser is preparing a PR to add `-Zdwarf-version` to help advance compiler flags.

> There is an annoying issue related to `cfg(no_fp_fmt_parse)`, which is no longer used by RFL but which remains in an older branch of the kernel (6.12, LTS). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an annoying issue related to `cfg(no_global_oom_handling)`, which is no longer used by RFL but which remains in an older branch of the kernel (6.12, LTS). 
```

Author: Thanks. I'll fix it in the goal update as well.
